Add warning for slash as s3 bucket/object name ending (#125)
syseleven/grav-docs-syseleven-stack: user/pages/04.Reference/05.object-storage/docs.en.md

Basically, SysEleven Stack Object Storage is a big key/value store.
A file or file object can be assigned a file name like key, and made available under this key.

!! **Be aware**

> !! We recommend to avoid using a slash (`/`) as bucket or object name ending. The object storage derrives and emulates a folder structure from the object names and in consequence may interpret objects as folders which causes unwanted side effects such as objects/buckets being undeleteable or unaccessable. In the case you are stuck with such a phenomenon, please contact our [Cloud-Support (cloudsupport@syseleven.de)](../../06.Support/default.en.md).

Reviewer: derrives?

Reviewer: And actually, we disencourage the use of slashes in bucket names entirely.

Author: Updated that part again =)

Author: Using your suggestion, thanks for taking some time again to rephrase this whole part! <3

> !! We recommend to avoid using a slash (`/`) in bucket or object names. The object storage derives and emulates a folder structure from the object names and in consequence may try to interpret objects as folders which causes unwanted side effects such as objects/buckets being undeleteable or unaccessable. In the case you are stuck with such a phenomenon, please contact our [Cloud-Support (cloudsupport@syseleven.de)](../../06.Support/default.en.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!! We discourage the use of special characters, especially dots(`.`) and slashes (`/`) in bucket or object names, especially at the start and end of names. As names can be used or interpreted as dns names, pathnames and/or filenames, this can confuse both server and client software and in consequence may lead to buckets or objects being unaccessable or unmaintainable. In case you are stuck with such a phenomenon, please contact our [Cloud-Support (cloudsupport@syseleven.de)](../../06.Support/default.en.md).
```

> !! We discourage the use of special characters, especially dots (`.`) and slashes (`/`) in bucket or object names, especially at the start and end of names. As names can be used or interpreted as dns names, pathnames and/or filenames, this can confuse both server and client software and in consequence may lead to buckets or objects being unaccessable or unmaintainable. In case you are stuck with such a phenomenon, please contact our [Cloud-Support (cloudsupport@syseleven.de)](../../06.Support/default.en.md).

Reviewer: Silly me, missed out this one.
```suggestion
!! We discourage the use of special characters, especially dots (`.`) and slashes (`/`) in bucket or object names, especially at the start and end of names. As names can be used or interpreted as dns names, pathnames and/or filenames, this can confuse both server and client software and in consequence may lead to buckets or objects being unaccessible or unmaintainable. In case you are stuck with such a phenomenon, please contact our [Cloud-Support (cloudsupport@syseleven.de)](../../06.Support/default.en.md).
```
